route: /wolfkid
viewport: 1368x912
url: https://thompsonfams.com/wolfkid
http: 200
title: Wolfkid CER v2 - Episode 3
htmlLen: 67458
---
🐺
WOLFKID
UNIVERSE
✓
✓
3
4
5
📖 Read
✍️ Write CER
📊 Review
🎯 PLAN YOUR ATTACK
Mission: Read Episode 3 carefully. Pay attention to what Hex does and how Wolfkid reacts. You will write a CER (Claim, Evidence, Reasoning) about what Hex reveals about Wolfkid's character.
EPISODE 3
The Locker Room Problem

Nobody asked Hex to show up. That was the thing about foxes — they just appeared, like they’d been standing there the whole time and you were the one who wasn’t paying attention.

It was Tuesday. Wolfkid had his headphones in, walking to his locker after lunch. Normal stuff. Except his locker wouldn’t open. Not jammed. Changed. Someone had switched the combination.

“Try 24-8-15,” said a voice behind him.

Hex was leaning against the wall across the hall, arms crossed, hood up. Those green eyes catching the fluorescent lights like they were made of something else entirely.

“How do you know my combination?” Wolfkid’s ears flattened under his beanie. His tail twitched inside his jacket.

“I don’t know YOUR combination. I know the NEW combination. Someone changed it during third period.” Hex pulled out his phone, showed a blurry hallway cam screenshot. A figure hunched at Wolfkid’s locker. “I was going to handle it myself, but—” He shrugged. “Your locker. Your call.”

Wolfkid punched in 24-8-15. Click. The locker swung open. Everything was still there. But sitting on top of his books was a note: “FREAK.”

Wolfkid crumpled it without reading it twice. His claws — no, fingernails, keep it together — dug into his palm.

“You’re not going to do anything?” Hex said. Not judging. Just... watching.

“What’s there to do?”

“I could find out who wrote it in about four minutes.”

“Then what? I go fight them? I rip up their stuff?” Wolfkid shoved his books in his bag. “That’s what they want. Me acting like—” He stopped.

“Like a wolf?” Hex finished.

The hallway was empty now. Just the two of them and the hum of the lights. Wolfkid closed his locker — his locker, with the NEW combination that Hex somehow already knew.

“You know what’s weird?” Wolfkid said. “You saw someone messing with my locker and your first move was to figure out the new code. Not stop them. Not tell a teacher. Just... solve the puzzle.”

Hex’s tail swished once behind him. “That’s not weird. That’s efficient.”

“That’s fox.”

Hex almost smiled. Almost.

They walked to fifth period. Not together. Just... in the same direction. At the same time. The way two people do when they’re definitely not friends but can’t seem to stop showing up in each other’s stories.

✍️ WRITE YOUR CER →
🏠 Chores
🐺 Wolfkid
📚 Math/Sci
